TC 11
teoria dilluns 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dijous 12 13 -1 enddia
endtipus

TC 12
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dijous 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

A 11
teoria dimecres 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dijous 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

A 12
teoria dimecres 10 11 -1 enddia
lab divendres 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

IA 11
teoria dilluns 9 -1 enddia
teoria dimarts 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dilluns 8 -1 enddia
endtipus

IA 13
teoria dilluns 9 -1 enddia
teoria dimarts 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dijous 10 -1 enddia
endtipus

LI 11
teoria divendres 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dimarts 12 13 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 11
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dijous 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 12
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dimecres 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 13
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab divendres 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 21
teoria dimarts 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dimecres 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 22
teoria dimarts 12 13 -1 enddia
lab divendres 12 13 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 23
teoria dimarts 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dijous 12 13 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 31
teoria dilluns 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dijous 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 32
teoria dilluns 12 13 -1 enddia
lab divendres 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PR 33
teoria dilluns 12 13 -1 enddia
lab dijous 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 11
teoria dilluns 8 9 -1 enddia
lab dimarts 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 12
teoria dilluns 8 9 -1 enddia
lab dimecres 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 13
teoria dilluns 8 9 -1 enddia
lab dijous 12 13 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 21
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dimecres 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 22
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dimarts 10 11 -1 enddia
endtipus

PA 23
teoria dilluns 10 11 -1 enddia
lab dijous 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

G 11
teoria dimarts 8 9 -1 enddia
lab dijous 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus

LP 11
teoria divendres 8 9 -1 enddia
lab dimecres 8 9 -1 enddia
endtipus
end

TC A IA PR